Inline styles don't separate content from design: Inline styles are exactly the same as embedded font and other clunky design tags that modern developers rail against. The styles affect only the particular, individual elements to which they're applied; while that approach might give you more granular control, it also makes other aspects of design and development—such as consistency—more difficult.
Inline styles cause maintenance headaches: When you're working with stylesheets, figuring out where a style is being set can be difficult. When you're dealing with a mixture of inline, embedded and external styles, you have many locations to check. If you work on a web design team or have to redesign or maintain a site built by someone else, then you're going to have even more trouble. Once you find the style and change it, you'll have to do so on every element on every page where it's been placed. That increases time and work budgets astronomically.
Inline styles are not as accessible: While a modern screen reader or another assistive device may be able to handle inline attributes and tags effectively, some older devices can't, which can result in some strangely displayed web pages. Extra characters and text can affect how your page is viewed by a search engine robot, too, so your page doesn't do as well in terms of search engine optimization.
Inline styles make your pages bigger: If you'd like every paragraph on your site to appear a certain way, you can do it once with six lines or so of code in an external stylesheet. If you do it with inline styles, however, you have to add those styles to every paragraph of your site. If you have five lines of CSS, that's five lines multiplied by every paragraph on your site. That bandwidth and load time can add up in a hurry.
The size and download time of your page can be affected by styling multiple elements.
Inline styles cannot be used to style pseudo-elements and pseudo-classes. For example, you can style the visited, hover, active, and link colors of an anchor tag using external and internal style sheets.
